As a kid, I spent my summers with my grandparents on their ranch in Texas. I helped fix windmills, vaccinate cattle, and do other chores. We also watched soap operas every afternoon, especially “Days of our Lives.” My grandparents belonged to a Caravan Club, a group of Airstream trailer owners who travel together around the U.S. and Canada. And every few summers, we’d join the caravan. We’d hitch up the Airstream trailer to my grandfather’s car, and off we’d go, in a line with 300 other Airstream adventurers. I loved and worshipped my grandparents and I really looked forward to these trips. On one particular trip, I was about 10 years old. I was rolling around in the big bench seat in the back of the car. My grandfather was driving. And my grandmother had the passenger seat. She smoked throughout these trips, and I hated the smell.
At that age, I’d take any excuse to make estimates and do minor arithmetic. I’d calculate our gas mileage — figure out useless statistics on things like grocery spending. I’d been hearing an ad campaign about smoking. I can’t remember the details, but basically the ad said, every puff of a cigarette takes some number of minutes off of your life: I think it might have been two minutes per puff. At any rate, I decided to do the math for my grandmother. I estimated the number of cigarettes per days, estimated the number of puffs per cigarette and so on. When I was satisfied that I’d come up with a reasonable number, I poked my head into the front of the car, tapped my grandmother on the shoulder, and proudly proclaimed, “At two minutes per puff, you’ve taken nine years off your life!”
I have a vivid memory of what happened, and it was not what I expected. I expected to be applauded for my cleverness and arithmetic skills. “Jeff, you’re so smart. You had to have made some tricky estimates, figure out the number of minutes in a year and do some division.” That’s not what happened. Instead, my grandmother burst into tears. I sat in the backseat and did not know what to do. While my grandmother sat crying, my grandfather, who had been driving in silence, pulled over onto the shoulder of the highway. He got out of the car and came around and opened my door and waited for me to follow. Was I in trouble? My grandfather was a highly intelligent, quiet man. He had never said a harsh word to me, and maybe this was to be the first time? Or maybe he would ask that I get back in the car and apologize to my grandmother. I had no experience in this realm with my grandparents and no way to gauge what the consequences might be. We stopped beside the trailer. My grandfather looked at me, and after a bit of silence, he gently and calmly said, “Jeff, one day you’ll understand that it’s harder to be kind than clever.”
What I want to talk to you about today is the difference between gifts and choices. Cleverness is a gift, kindness is a choice. Gifts are easy — they’re given after all. Choices can be hard. You can seduce yourself with your gifts if you’re not careful, and if you do, it’ll probably be to the detriment of your choices.
Before 1957, computers only worked on one task at a time. This is called Batch Processing. Of course, this was quite ineffective. With computers getting bigger and bigger they had to be stored in special cooled rooms. But then the developers couldn't work directly on the computers any more. Specialists had to be called in to connect them. Programming back then meant a lot of manual work and the indirect connection to the computers meant a lot of bugs, wasting time and fraying the developers' nerves. 
The year 1957 marked a big change. A remote connection had to be installed so that the developers could work directly on the computers. At the same time, the idea of time-sharing came up. This is the first concept in computer technology: to share the processing power of one computer with multiple users. 
On October 4th in 1957 during the Cold War, the first unmanned satellite, Sputnik 1, was sent into orbit by the Soviet Union. The fear of a missile gap emerged. In order to secure America's lead in technology the US founded the Defence Advanced Research Project Agency in February 1958. At that time, knowledge was only transferred by people. The DARPA planned a large-scale computer network in order to accelerate knowledge transfer and avoid the doubling up of already existing research. This network would become the ARPANET. 
Furthermore, three other concepts were to be developed, which are fundamental to the history of the Internet. The concept of a military network by the RAND Corporation in America, the commercial network of the National Physical Laboratory in England, and the scientific network, CYCLADES, in France. The scientific, military and commercial approaches of these concepts are the foundations for our modern Internet. 
Hello, my name is Anita and I'm from Taiwan and Taiwan is a very small country and I'm not sure where Taiwan can be considered a country or not. I like Taiwan very well because we have nice food, nice weather, the winter is warm and people are friendly. I like to stay in Taiwan very much.
My name is Jeyong Kim. I am from Korea and I'm 19 years old. Koreans like Kim-chi, yes, and most of the Koreans like spicy food, but I for example cannot eat spicy food very well because my tongue gets really hot and, mm.
Hi, my name is Martin. I'm from Seattle, Washington in the United States. Ah, Seattle if you haven't heard of it is one the Northwest corner of the U.S. It's very famous for salmon and the space needle.
I went to school there, at the University of Washington. It's a very beautiful campus. Very large campus. There's 30,000 people there, on the campus. People from all over the world, just like I'm sure you've seen.
Hello, my name is Naomi. I'm from Australia. In Australia I live on the sunshine coast. Which as you can tell from the name is a very sunny place. We have very beautiful beaches, so often. I will go to the beach with my dog and my family and we have a very outdoor lifestyle there.
Hello, my name is Marion and I'm from Ireland. One thing I love about Ireland is the green that's everywhere. We have lots of space in Ireland and lots of nature, so lots of green fields and mountains and it's great to be able to go and walk along the hills and the mountains, when you feel like taking some exercise.
My name is Akane and I'm from Toronto, Canada. One thing that I like about my country is that in Canada there are lots of different kinds of apples and I really like apples. Usually you can get them for about 99 cents a pound and there are many varieties such as Granny Smith, and Macintosh, which were invented in Ontario, and Red Delicious, Golden Delicious, my favorite is Royal Gala.
Halloween (also referred to as All Hollows' Eve) is a holiday that's celebrated in America on 31 October of each year, regardless of what day of the week this date falls on. Although it is rooted in religion, Halloween today is enjoyed mainly because of its decorations, costumes, candy, treats, and general excitement, and furthermore, it is enjoyed by most everyone.
Before Halloween, many individuals carve a design into an orange-colored pumpkin, or a solid, durable vegetable. Once a personally satisfying design is carved, a lit candle is typically put inside a pumpkin, thereby making it a Jack-O-Lantern. At night, this design lights up against the darkness.
Besides carving pumpkins, some celebrate Halloween by putting decorations up. Supernatural (referring in this case to non-natural creatures that're typically based in fiction) figures, including vampires, ghosts, werewolves, zombies, and more, generally account for most of these decorations. Bugs, spiders, cobwebs, gravestones, and anything else that can be considered creepy (or unusual and possibly scary) can also be found on Halloween, in decoration form.
Only some adults celebrate Halloween, and they generally do so by attending parties. Inversely, the vast majority of children dress in costume (Halloween costumes can be based upon anything, from the mentioned supernatural creatures to the stars of today's films) and walk from door to door in search of candy—a practice known as trick or treat—on Halloween. After knocking on a door (houses that participate in Halloween usually leave a light on), one says, "Trick or Treat" and a piece (or pieces!) of candy is given to him or her.
Thank you all very much for being here tonight and thank you for being part of a political revolution which will transform America.
Thank you for being part of a campaign which is not only going to win the Democratic nomination, which is not only going to defeat Donald Trump, the most dangerous president in modern American history, but with your help is going to transform this country and, finally, create an economy and government which works for all Americans, and not just the one percent. Today, I want to welcome you to a campaign which says, loudly and clearly, that the underlying principles of our government will not be greed, kleptocracy, hatred and lies. It will not be racism, sexism, xenophobia, homophobia and religious bigotry. All of that is going to end.
The principles of our government will be based on justice: economic justice, social justice, racial justice and environmental justice. Tonight, I want to welcome you to a campaign which tells the powerful special interests who control so much of our economic and political life that we will no longer tolerate the greed of Wall Street, corporate America and the billionaire class - greed which has resulted in this country having more income and wealth inequality than any other major country on earth.
No. We will no longer stand idly by and allow 3 people in this country to own more wealth than the bottom half of America while, at the same time, nearly 20 percent of our children live in poverty, veterans sleep out on the streets and seniors cannot afford their prescription drugs. We will no longer accept 46 percent of all new income going to the top 1 percent, while millions of Americans are forced to work 2 or 3 jobs just to survive and over half of our people live paycheck to paycheck, frightened to death about what happens to them financially if their car breaks down or their child becomes sick.
Together, we are going to create a political system which is based on the democratic principles of one person - one vote - and end a corrupt system which allows billionaires to buy elections. Yes. We are going to overturn Citizens United and move to public funding of elections. Today, we fight for a political revolution.
And tonight, I want to offer a very special thanks to the people of the great state of Iowa. In 2016, this is where the political revolution began. Thank you Iowa.
The four seasons are spring, summer, fall, and winter, and although various areas of the United States experience drastically different weather during these times, all portions of the country recognize the seasons; winter in California may bring heat, and winter in New York may bring blizzards, but both periods are nevertheless winter.
Following winter, spring begins on 20 March and ends on either 20 June or 21 June, in the United States (this date may vary slightly from year to year and hemisphere to hemisphere). For most, spring is a time of "thawing," when the cold and snow of the winter are replaced by sunshine, reasonable temperatures, green grass, and more. It is also the season wherein previously dormant bees and butterflies reemerge, and when birds become more active.
Summer follows spring and spans from about 21 June to 22 September, in America. Summer is the warmest, the longest, and (arguably) the liveliest of the four seasons; students from kindergarten to college are given two or so summer months off from class, and to be sure, there are more young individuals out and about during this season than any other. It's not uncommon to see shorts, t-shirts, and sunglasses worn by those who're soaking up the summer's hot sun, and to stay cool, many individuals crank the air conditioning, take a dip in a swimming pool, and/or explore the ever-comforting ocean waves.
Autumn (or fall), more than being a simple precursor to winter, is one of the most beautiful and exciting seasons. Spanning from 22 September to 21 December (technically, that is; snow will begin to fall long before this latter date, in most parts of the country, leading many to classify the period as winter) in the US, autumn is characterized by falling leaves, Halloween (on 31 October), and Thanksgiving. During fall, traditional farmers harvest their produce, and the aforementioned falling leaves change to gorgeous orange, red, and yellow colors; these colors are generally associated with autumn itself, in turn.
In the US, winter spans from 21 December to 20 March, and is, as one would expect, the coldest of the four seasons. In the eastern, northern, and central portions of the country, winter snowfall can be considerable; in the western and southern portions of the country, winter snowfall is highly unlikely, but temperatures nevertheless drop from their usual. Winter is most widely known for its snow and the Christmas holiday, but it also boasts New Year's Eve (on December 31, in recognition of the start of a new year) and other special days. Ice skating, sledding, ice hockey, and snowball fights are commonly enjoyed winter activities.
It goes without saying that humans (mammals identifiable as those that stand upright and are comparatively advanced and capable of detailed thought) have pretty remarkable bodies, given all that they've accomplished. (Furthermore, an especially intelligent human brain produced this text!) To be sure, humans have overcome predators, disease, and all sorts of other obstacles over thousands of years.
To fully understand and appreciate these accomplishments, let's take at some of the most well-known parts of the human body!
The head, or the spherical body part that contains the brain and rests at the top of the human body, has quite a few individual organs and body parts on it. (It should quickly be mentioned that hair occupies the space on top of the head, and the ears, the organs responsible for hearing, are located on either side of the head.) From top to bottom, the eyebrows, or horizontal strips of hair that can be found above the eye, are the first components of the head. The eyes are below them, and are round, orb-like organs that allow humans to see.
The eyes make way for the nose, or an external (sticking-out) organ that plays an important part in the breathing and bacteria-elimination processes. Below that is the mouth, or a wide, cavernous organ that chews food, removes bacteria, helps with breathing, and more. The mouth contains teeth, or small, white-colored, pointed body parts used to chew food, and the tongue, or a red-colored, boneless organ used to chew food and speak.
The neck is the long body part that connects the head to the chest (the muscular body part that protects the heart and lungs), and the stomach, or the part of the body that contains food and liquid-processing organs, comes below that.
The legs are the long, muscular body parts that allow humans to move from one spot to another and perform a variety of actions. Each leg contains a thigh (a thick, especially muscular body part used to perform strenuous motions; the upper part of the leg) and a calf (thinner, more flexible body part that absorbs the shock associated with movement; the lower part of the leg). Feet can be found at the bottom of legs, and each foot is comprised of five toes, or small appendages that help balance.
Arms are long, powerful body parts that are located on either side of chest, below the shoulders;arms are comprised of biceps (the thicker, more powerful upper portion), and forearms (the thinner, more flexible lower portion). Hands, or small, gripping body parts used for a tremendous number of actions, are at the end of arms. Each hand contains five fingers, or small appendages used to grip objects.
The aforementioned shoulders are rounded body parts that aid arms' flexibility. One's back is found on the opposite side of the stomach, and is a flat section of the body that contains important muscles that're intended to protect the lungs and other internal organs, in addition to helping humans perform certain motions and actions.
I'm going to talk today on the topic of time management. The circumstances are, as you probably know, a little bit unusual. I think at this point I'm an authority to talk about what to do with limited time. My battle with pancreatic cancer started about a year and a half ago. Fought, did all the right things but as my oncologist said, if you could pick off a list, that's not the one you'd want to pick.
On August 15th, these were my CAT scans. You can see that if you scroll through all of them, there are about a dozen tumors in my liver, and the doctors at that time said, – I love the way they say it: “You have three to six months of good health left.” Optimism and positive phrasing. It's like when you are at Disney: “What time does the park close?” – “The park is open until eight.” So I have “three to six months of good health.”
Well, let's do the math: Today is three months and twelve days. So what I had on my day-timer for today was not necessarily being at the UVA. I'm pleased to say that we do treat with palliative chemo, they're going to buy me a little bit of time on the order of a few months if it continues to work. I'm still in perfectly good health. With Gabe in the audience, I'm not going to do push-ups, because I'm not going to be shown up. Gabe is really in good shape! But I continue to be in relatively good health, I had chemotherapy yesterday, you should all try it, it's great. But it does beg the question, I have finite time – some people said: “So why are you going and giving a talk?”
There are a lot of reasons I'm coming here and giving a talk. One of them is that I said I would. That's a pretty simple reason. And I'm physically able to. Another one is that going to the University of Virginia is not like going to some foreign place. People say: “Aren't you spending all your time with family?” And by coming back here for a day, I am spending my time with family both metaphorically and literally because it turns out that – many of you have probably seen this picture from the talk that I gave, these are my niece and nephew Chris and Laura. My niece Laura is actually a senior… a fourth year! here at Mr. Jefferson's university. Laura, could you stand up, so they see you've gotten taller? There you are. I couldn't be happier to have her here at this university.
The other person in this picture is Chris, if you could stand up so they see you've gotten much taller? They have grown in so many ways, not just in height. It's been wonderful to see that and be an uncle to them. Is there anybody here on the faculty or Ph.D. students of the history department? Any history people here at all? Anybody here who is from history, find Chris right after the talk. Because he is currently in his sophomore year at William and Mary and he's interested in going into a Ph.D. program in history down the road and there aren't many better Ph.D. programs in history than this one. So I'm pimping for my nephew here! Let's be clear!
What are we going to talk about today? We're going to talk about – this is not like the lecture that you may have seen me give before. This is a very pragmatic lecture. One of the reasons that I had agreed to come back and give this is because Gabe and many other faculty members had told me that they had gotten so much tangible value about how to get more done, and I truly do believe that time is the only commodity that matters. So this is a very pragmatic talk. It is inspirational in the sense that it will inspire you by giving you some concrete things you might do to be able to get more things done in your finite time. I'm going to talk specifically about how to set goals, how to avoid wasting time, how to deal with a boss, – originally this talk was how to deal with your advisor, but I tried to broaden it, so it's not quite so academically focused. How to delegate to people, some specific skills and tools that I might recommend to help you get more out of the day. And to deal with the real problems in our lives, which are stress and procrastination. If you can lick that last one, you are probably in good shape.
You don't need to take any notes. I presume if I see any laptops open you're actually just doing IM or email or something. If you're listening to music, please at least wear headphones. All of this will be posted on my website and to make it really easy, if you want to know when to look up, any slides that have a red star are the points that I think you should really make sure that you got that one. Conversely, if it doesn't have a red star, well…
The first thing I want to say is that Americans are very, very bad at dealing with time as a commodity. We're really good at dealing with money as a commodity. We are, as a culture, very interested in dealing with money, how much somebody earns is a status thing and so on, but we don't really have time elevated to that. People waste their time and it always fascinates me.
And another thing I'd put down here is the pleasure in seeing net results or methods of arriving at results needed, designs of engineers, equipment, and so on. I get a big bang myself out of providing a theorem. If I’ve been trying to prove a mathematical theorem for a week or so and I finally find the solution, I get a big bang out of it. And I get a big kick out of seeing a clever way of doing some engineering problem, a clever design for a circuit which uses a very small amount of equipment and gets apparently a great deal of result out of it. I think so far as motivation is concerned, it is maybe a little like Fats Waller said about swing music—”either you got it or you ain’t.” if you ain’t got it, you probably shouldn’t be doing research work if you don’t want to know that kind of answer. Although people without this kind of motivation might be very successful in other fields, the research man should probably have an extremely strong drive to want to find out the answers, so strong a drive that he doesn’t care whether it is five o'clock—he is willing to work all night to find out the answers and al weekend if necessary. Well now, this is all well and good, but supposing a person has these three properties to a sufficient extent to be useful, are there any tricks, any gimmicks that he can apply to thinking that will actually aid in creative work, in getting the answers in research work, in general, in finding answers to problems? I think there are, and I think they can be catalogued to an certain extent. You can make quite a list of them and I think they would be very useful if one did that, so I am going to give a few of them which I have thought up or which people have suggested to me. And I think if one consciously applied these to various problems you had to solve, in many cases you’d find solutions quicker than you would normally or in cases where you might not find it at all. I thing that good research workers apply these things unconsciously; that is, they do these things automatically and if they were brought forth into the conscious thinking that here’s a situation where I would try this method of approach that would probably get there faster, although I can’t document this statement.
The first one that I might speak of is the idea of simplification. Suppose that you are given a problem to solve, I don’t care what kind of a problem—a machine to design, or a physical theory to develop, or a mathematical theorem to prove, or something of that kind – probably a very powerful approach to this is to attempt to eliminate everything from the problem except the essentials; that is, cut it down to size. Almost every problem that you come across is befuddled with all kinds of extraneous data of one sort or another; and if you can bring this problem down into the main issues, you can see more clearly what you’re trying to do and perhaps find a solution. Now, in so doing, you may have stripped away the problem that you’re after. You may have simplified it to a point that it doesn’t even resemble the problem that you started with; but very often if you can solve this simple problem, you can add refinements to the solution of this until you get back to the solution of the one you started with.
A very similar device is seeking similar known problems. I think I could illustrate this schematically in this way. You have a problem P here and there is a solution S which you do not know yet perhaps over here. If you have experience in the field represented, that you are working in, you may perhaps know of a somewhat similar problem, call it P', which has already been solved and which has a solution, S', all you need to do — all you may have to do is find the analogy from P' here to P and the same analogy from S' to S in order to get back to the solution of the given problem. This is the reason why experience in a field is so important that if you are experienced in a field, you will know thousands of problems that have been solved. Your mental matrix will be filled with P's and S's unconnected here and you can find one which is tolerably close to the P that you are trying to solve and go over to the corresponding S' in order to go back to the S you’re after. It seems to be much easier to make two small jumps than the one big jump in any kind of mental thinking.
Had I the heavens' embroidered cloths,
Enwrought with golden and silver light,
The blue and the dim and the dark cloths
Of night and light and the half light,
I would spread the cloths under your feet:
But I, being poor, have only my dreams;
I have spread my dreams under your feet;
Tread softly because you tread on my dreams.
If you can keep your head when all about you
Are losing theirs and blaming it on you; 
If you can trust yourself when all men doubt you, 
But make allowance for their doubting too; 
If you can wait and not be tired by waiting, 
Or, being lied about, don't deal in lies, 
Or, being hated, don't give way to hating, 
And yet don't look too good, nor talk too wise; 
If you can dream - and not make dreams your master; 
If you can think - and not make thoughts your aim; 
If you can meet with triumph and disaster
And treat those two imposters just the same; 
If you can bear to hear the truth you've spoken
Twisted by knaves to make a trap for fools, 
Or watch the things you gave your life to broken, 
And stoop and build 'em up with wornout tools; 
If you can make one heap of all your winnings
And risk it on one turn of pitch-and-toss, 
And lose, and start again at your beginnings
And never breath a word about your loss; 
If you can force your heart and nerve and sinew
To serve your turn long after they are gone, 
And so hold on when there is nothing in you
Except the Will which says to them: 'Hold on'; 
If you can talk with crowds and keep your virtue, 
Or walk with kings - nor lose the common touch; 
If neither foes nor loving friends can hurt you; 
If all men count with you, but none too much; 
If you can fill the unforgiving minute
With sixty seconds' worth of distance run -
Yours is the Earth and everything that's in it, 
And - which is more - you'll be a Man my son!
Mary had a little lamb,
little lamb, little lamb,
Mary had a little lamb,
whose fleece was white as snow.
And everywhere that Mary went,
Mary went, Mary went,
and everywhere that Mary went,
the lamb was sure to go.
It followed her to school one day
school one day, school one day,
It followed her to school one day,
which was against the rules.
It made the children laugh and play,
laugh and play, laugh and play,
it made the children laugh and play
to see a lamb at school.
And so the teacher turned it out,
turned it out, turned it out,
And so the teacher turned it out,
but still it lingered near,
And waited patiently about,
patiently about, patiently about,
And waited patiently about
till Mary did appear.
"Why does the lamb love Mary so?"
Love Mary so? Love Mary so?
"Why does the lamb love Mary so,"
the eager children cry.
"Why, Mary loves the lamb, you know."
The lamb, you know, the lamb, you know,
"Why, Mary loves the lamb, you know,"
the teacher did reply.
If you think it's hard to change the lives of 10 people — change their lives forever — you're wrong. I saw it happen every day in Iraq and Afghanistan: A young Army officer makes a decision to go left instead of right down a road in Baghdad and the 10 soldiers in his squad are saved from close-in ambush. In Kandahar province, Afghanistan, a non-commissioned officer from the Female Engagement Team senses something isn't right and directs the infantry platoon away from a 500-pound IED, saving the lives of a dozen soldiers.
But, if you think about it, not only were these soldiers saved by the decisions of one person, but their children yet unborn were also saved. And their children's children were saved. Generations were saved by one decision, by one person.
But changing the world can happen anywhere and anyone can do it. So, what starts here can indeed change the world, but the question is — what will the world look like after you change it?
Well, I am confident that it will look much, much better. But if you will humor this old sailor for just a moment, I have a few suggestions that may help you on your way to a better a world. And while these lessons were learned during my time in the military, I can assure you that it matters not whether you ever served a day in uniform. It matters not your gender, your ethnic or religious background, your orientation or your social status.
Our struggles in this world are similar, and the lessons to overcome those struggles and to move forward — changing ourselves and the world around us — will apply equally to all.
In June, Diane visited her friends who live in San Francisco, California. This was Diane’s first time in the city, and she enjoyed her opportunities to walk around and explore.
On the first day of her trip, Diane visited the Golden Gate Bridge. This red suspension bridge measures 1.7 miles in length. Diane and her friends did not walk across the bridge. However, they viewed it from the Golden Gate National Recreation Area, which offers hiking trails, picnicking areas, and presents spectacular views of the bridge and city. Diane and her friends made sure to take a group photograph here, featuring the bridge in the background.
The next day, Diane and her friends visited Alcatraz Island. This island is located 1.25 miles offshore in the San Francisco Bay. It used to serve as a lighthouse, military fort, and prison. Diane and her friends took a small tour boat across bay to reach the island. Their visit included a guided tour through the old military base and prison. They also took a walk around the island to appreciate some of the native wildlife in addition to the views of the city.
Diane and her friends spent the final day of her vist in San Francisco’s downtown area. Diane’s favorite part of her entire trip was taking a trolley to transport her up and down the hilly streets of San Francisco. Diane did a lot of shopping downtown on her last day. She and her friends celebrated the end of her visit by having dinner at one of San Francisco’s best restaurants.
If I were a cinnamon peeler
I would ride your bed
And leave the yellow bark dust
On your pillow.
Your breasts and shoulders would reek
You could never walk through markets
without the profession of my fingers
floating over you. The blind would
stumble certain of whom they approached
though you might bathe
under rain gutters, monsoon.
Here on the upper thigh
at this smooth pasture
neighbour to you hair
or the crease
that cuts your back. This ankle.
You will be known among strangers
as the cinnamon peeler's wife.
I could hardly glance at you
before marriage
never touch you
-- your keen nosed mother, your rough brothers.
I buried my hands
in saffron, disguised them
over smoking tar,
helped the honey gatherers ...
When we swam once
I touched you in the water
and our bodies remained free,
you could hold me and be blind of smell.
you climbed the bank and said
this is how you touch other women
the grass cutter's wife, the lime burner's daughter.
And you searched your arms
for the missing perfume
and knew
what good is it
to be the lime burner's daughter
left with no trace
as if not spoken to in the act of love
as if wounded without the pleasure of a scar.
You touched
your belly to my hands
in the dry air and said
I am the cinnamon
Peeler's wife. Smell me.
A cat like a beadle goose-stepped with eerie convulsions out of the night cast by a cluster of statuary, from the recesses of the entrance hall. A maid with matchless decorum left a door silently, she removed a massive copper candlestick. She reintegrated the gloom that the cat had left.
The cat returned, with the state of a sacred dependent, into the gloom. Discreet sounds continually rose from the nether stair-head, a dark whisper of infernal presences. The antlers of the hall suggested that full-busted stags were embedded in its substance. A mighty canvas containded in its bronze shadows an equestrian ghost, who otherwise might have ruffled the empty majesty of the house with confusing posthumous activity.
Should a visistor, from just within the entrance, have been able to proceed at right angles to his left, overcoming septum after septum, hung as though with gigantic medals with the bulging gilt frames, he would have reached the gardener's tool-shed, and an arrangement of flagged steps _ where the impeccable staff indulged in those trite exchanges, inseparable from the menial life, with the more alert of the tradesmen's messengers. There was a gap where the rhododendron hedge was just exceeded by the stalwart street-front balustrade _ where between the bulbous stone the policeman could be observed at his usual occupation known as "Oh-dear-Mabel!", which consists in a repeated readjustment of the stiff melton trouser-fork, by a simultaneous flexion of both legs.
Hi! Nice to meet you! My name is John Smith. I am 19 and a student in college. I go to college in New York. My favorite courses are Geometry, French, and History. English is my hardest course. My professors are very friendly and smart. It’s my second year in college now. I love it!
I live in a big house on Ivy Street. It’s near the college campus. I share the house with three other students. Their names are Bill, Tony, and Paul. We help each other with homework. On the weekend, we play football together.
I have a younger brother. He just started high school. He is 14 and lives with my parents. They live on Mulberry Street in Boston. Sometimes they visit me in New York. I am happy when they visit. My Mom always brings me sweets and candy when they come. I really miss them, too!
First, I wake up. Then, I get dressed. I walk to school. I do not ride a bike. I do not ride the bus. I like to go to school. It rains. I do not like rain. I eat lunch. I eat a sandwich and an apple.
I play outside. I like to play. I read a book. I like to read books. I walk home. I do not like walking home. My mother cooks soup for dinner. The soup is hot. Then, I go to bed. I do not like to go bed.
Christina visited Miami during her winter vacation. She is from Boston, where it is cold during the winter months. Miami, however, has a very warm climate. There are many sunny days in Miami, and people can go to the beach all year long. Christina spent a good portion of her trip on the beach to relax and sunbathe. However, she also explored Miami and its surroundings.
Inspired by Miami’s proximity to the ocean, Christina visited the Miami Seaquarium to learn about marine life. There, she watched a show using trained dolphins, killer whales, and other aquatic mammals. She took a lot of pictures of the sea creatures jumping out of the water and performing tricks.
Christina also took an excursion to the Everglades National Park. This park is a protected area spanning 1.5 million acres. Because the park is mostly swampland, it is home to many reptiles. Native animals include snakes, alligators, and crocodiles. The park is also great for birdwatching. Christina enjoyed hiking the trails in the Everglades and observing the wildlife in its natural environment.
When Christina returned to the city, she visited Little Havana. This is Miami’s Cuban neighborhood. Christina could see that Little Havana’s people demonstrated a lot of pride for their Cuban heritage. There were many outdoor shops and vendors, live musicians, and the Cuban cuisine was delicious. Little Havana was Christina’s favorite part about her trip to Miami. This neighborhood made Christina feel like she had traveled to Cuba without ever having to leave the United States.
Learning English takes time and patience.
It cannot be rushed.
Try to relax and take it easy.
The most important thing you need at the beginning
is a good vocabulary.
Without words, you have nothing to work with.
You must start with a strong foundation
or base.
and slowly build on it, day by day!
You must view English as a part of your body 
just as you would, an arm or a leg.
It must become a part of your everyday life.
Daily practice is very important.
Do not worry about making mistakes.
In fact the more mistakes you make
the more you will learn from them.
Just like learning to ride a bike.
Sometimes you fall off.
So what do you do?
You get back on and try again.
Do not look at English as just another subject.
Your attitude to English and the way you view it
will decide how well you progress.
Just as we say in English
"No pain ... No gain."
The two most important words to remember
when learning English are 'practice' and 'confidence'.
Practice English everyday
and be confident!
You will find that the more you use English 
the better you English will become.
And the more confident you become
then the more you will want to use it.
Make it a rule to tell yourself:
I can do it ...
I can do it ...
I can do it !!!
Please remember, my lessons are aimed at everyone
so hopefully you will find something useful
in each one.
Maybe you will find some of the words I use very easy.
But you will also see some words
that may be new to you.
Remember ... my lessons are aimed at everyone.
Even teachers are very welcome to join in.
Learning English should be a fun experience
and I hope with the help of my video lessons
you will discover just how much fun it can be.
I hope you've enjoyed my first lesson
This is Misterduncan in England saying
Thanks for watching ... and bye-bye for now.
Track star Marion Jones has acknowledged using steroids as she prepared for the 2000 Summer Games
in Sydney and is scheduled to plead guilty today in New York to two counts (1)
of lying to federal agents
about her drug use and an unrelated financial matter, according to a letter Jones sent to close family and
friends.
Jones, who won five medals at the Sydney Olympics, said she took the steroid known as "the clear" for
two years beginning in 1999, according to the letter. A source familiar with Jones's legal situation who
requested anonymity confirmed the relevant facts that were described in the letter.
"I want to apologize to you all for all of this," Jones said. "I am sorry for disappointing you all in so many
ways."
Jones's admissions could cost her the three gold and two bronze medals she won in Sydney while
enlarging the cloud of doubt hovering over(2)
Olympic and professional sports, which have been tarred (3)
in recent years with accusations of performance-enhancing drug use, steroids busts and positive drug
tests by prominent athletes.
In December 2004, the International Olympic Committee opened an investigation into allegations
surrounding steroid use by Jones, once considered the greatest female athlete in the world. In the past,
Jones has vehemently denied using steroids or any performance-enhancing drugs.
"This is a shame," World Anti-Doping Agency Chairman Dick Pound said in a telephone interview
yesterday. "This was America's darling at the 2000 Summer Olympics. . . . I hope this will have a
deterrent effect. It's not merely cheating in sports, but now she has lied her way to exposure to penal
sanctions."
In the letter, Jones, who will turn 32 next Friday, said her former coach, Trevor Graham, gave her the
substance, telling her it was the nutritional supplement flaxseed oil
(4)
and that she should take it by putting
two drops under her tongue. Graham, contacted by telephone yesterday, declined to comment.
Jones said she "trusted [Graham] and never thought for one second" she was using a performanceenhancing drug until after she left Graham's Raleigh, N.C.-based training camp at the end of 2002. "Red
flags should have been raised in my head when he told me not to tell anyone about" the supplement
program, she said. She also said she noticed changes in how her body felt and how she was able to
recover from workouts after she stopped taking the substance in 2001.
Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again. Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!' (Dinah was the cat.) `I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are no mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?' And here Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy sort of way, `Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?' and sometimes, `Do bats eat cats?' for, you see, as she couldn't answer either question, it didn't much matter which way she put it. She felt that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly, `Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?' when suddenly, thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind, and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, `Oh my ears and whiskers, how late it's getting!' She was close behind it when she turned to corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof.
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to get out again.
Jean and her family recently traveled to Boston, Massachusetts, one of America’s oldest colonial cities. Boston is rich in history and local personality. During their visit, Jean and her family appreciated learning about Boston’s role during the American Revolution.
In the city, Jean and her family followed the famous Freedom Trail. This is a 2.5-mile route that tourists can explore in order to visit 16 different historical landmarks located throughout the city. Famous sites on this trail include the Paul Revere House, King’s Chapel, and the Bunker Hill Memorial. Jean and her family received a map to navigate the Freedom Trail. The roads were clearly marked by red lines, and there were signs throughout the city to keep Jean’s family and other tourists from getting lost.
As part of the Freedom Trail, Jean and her family spent a lot of time in Boston’s North End. This is one of the oldest residential neighborhoods in the entire country. Here, Jean and her family were able to visit Boston Harbor, which is the site of the historical Boston Tea Party. This event sent a strong message to the British leading up to the American Revolution.
The end of the Freedom Trail led Jean and her Family to the Boston Common, the oldest urban park in the nation. The park is filled with plenty of lush greenery, but it also serves as a burial ground for heroes of the American Revolution.
Because of their walk along the historical Freedom Trail, Jean and her family left Boston with a thorough understanding of early American history.
My fellow citizens,
I stand here today humbled by the task before us, grateful for the trust you have bestowed, mindful of the sacrifices borne by our ancestors. I thank President Bush for his service to our nation, as well as the generosity and cooperation he has shown throughout this transition.
Forty-four Americans have now taken the presidential oath.
The words have been spoken during rising tides of prosperity and the still waters of peace. Yet, every so often the oath is taken amidst gathering clouds and raging storms. At these moments, America has carried on not simply because of the skill or vision of those in high office, but because we the people have remained faithful to the ideals of our forebears, and true to our founding documents.
So it has been. So it must be with this generation of Americans.
That we are in the midst of crisis is now well understood.
Our nation is at war, against a far-reaching network of violence and hatred. Our economy is badly weakened, a consequence of greed and irresponsibility on the part of some, but also our collective failure to make hard choices and prepare the nation for a new age. Homes have been lost; jobs shed; businesses shuttered. Our health care is too costly; our schools fail too many; and each day brings further evidence that the ways we use energy strengthen our adversaries and threaten our planet.
These are the indicators of crisis, subject to data and statistics. Less measurable but no less profound is a sapping of confidence across our land _ a nagging fear that America's decline is inevitable, and that the next generation must lower its sights.
Today I say to you that the challenges we face are real.
They are serious and they are many. They will not be met easily or in a short span of time. But know this, America _ they will be met.
On this day, we gather because we have chosen hope over fear, unity of purpose over conflict and discord.
On this day, we come to proclaim an end to the petty grievances and false promises, the recriminations and worn out dogmas, that for far too long have strangled our politics.
We remain a young nation, but in the words of scripture, the time has come to set aside childish things. The time has come to reaffirm our enduring spirit; to choose our better history; to carry forward that precious gift, that noble idea, passed on from generation to generation : the God-given promise that all are equal, all are free and all deserve a chance to pursue their full measure of happiness.
In reaffirming the greatness of our nation, we understand that greatness is never a given. It must be earned. Our journey has never been one of shortcuts or settling for less. It has not been the path for the faint-hearted _ for those who prefer leisure over work, or seek only the pleasures of riches and fame. Rather, it has been the risk-takers, the doers, the makers of things _ some celebrated but more often men and women obscure in their labor, who have carried us up the long, rugged path towards prosperity and freedom.
For us, they packed up their few worldly possessions and traveled across oceans in search of a new life.
For us, they toiled in sweatshops and settled the West; endured the lash of the whip and plowed the hard earth.
For us, they fought and died, in places like Concord and Gettysburg; Normandy and Khe Sahn.
Time and again these men and women struggled and sacrificed and worked till their hands were raw so that we might live a better life. They saw America as bigger than the sum of our individual ambitions; greater than all the differences of birth or wealth or faction.
This is the journey we continue today. We remain the most prosperous, powerful nation on Earth. Our workers are no less productive than when this crisis began. Our minds are no less inventive, our goods and services no less needed than they were last week or last month or last year. Our capacity remains undiminished. But our time of standing pat, of protecting narrow interests and putting off unpleasant decisions _ that time has surely passed.
Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off, and begin again the work of remaking America.
For everywhere we look, there is work to be done. The state of the economy calls for action, bold and swift, and we will act _ not only to create new jobs, but to lay a new foundation for growth. We will build the roads and bridges, the electric grids and digital lines that feed our commerce and bind us together. We will restore science to its rightful place, and wield technology's wonders to raise health care's quality and lower its cost. We will harness the sun and the winds and the soil to fuel our cars and run our factories. And we will transform our schools and colleges and universities to meet the demands of a new age.
All this we can do. And all this we will do.
Now, there are some who question the scale of our ambitions _ who suggest that our system cannot tolerate too many big plans. Their memories are short. For they have forgotten what this country has already done; what free men and women can achieve when imagination is joined to common purpose, and necessity to courage.
What the cynics fail to understand is that the ground has shifted beneath them _ that the stale political arguments that have consumed us for so long no longer apply. The question we ask today is not whether our government is too big or too small, but whether it works _ whether it helps families find jobs at a decent wage, care they can afford, a retirement that is dignified. Where the answer is yes, we intend to move forward. Where the answer is no, programs will end. And those of us who manage the public's dollars will be held to account _ to spend wisely, reform bad habits, and do our business in the light of day _ because only then can we restore the vital trust between a people and their government.
Nor is the question before us whether the market is a force for good or ill. Its power to generate wealth and expand freedom is unmatched, but this crisis has reminded us that without a watchful eye, the market can spin out of control _ and that a nation cannot prosper long when it favors only the prosperous. The success of our economy has always depended not just on the size of our gross domestic product, but on the reach of our prosperity; on our ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart _ not out of charity, but because it is the surest route to our common good.
As for our common defense, we reject as false the choice between our safety and our ideals. Our founding fathers, faced with perils we can scarcely imagine, drafted a charter to assure the rule of law and the rights of man, a charter expanded by the blood of generations. Those ideals still light the world, and we will not give them up for expedience's sake. And so to all other peoples and governments who are watching today, from the grandest capitals to the small village where my father was born : know that America is a friend of each nation and every man, woman, and child who seeks a future of peace and dignity, and that we are ready to lead once more.
Recall that earlier generations faced down fascism and communism not just with missiles and tanks, but with sturdy alliances and enduring convictions. They understood that our power alone cannot protect us, nor does it entitle us to do as we please. Instead, they knew that our power grows through its prudent use; our security emanates from the justness of our cause, the force of our example, the tempering qualities of humility and restraint.
We are the keepers of this legacy. Guided by these principles once more, we can meet those new threats that demand even greater effort _ even greater cooperation and understanding between nations. We will begin to responsibly leave Iraq to its people, and forge a hard-earned peace in Afghanistan. With old friends and former foes, we will work tirelessly to lessen the nuclear threat, and roll back the specter of a warming planet. We will not apologize for our way of life, nor will we waver in its defense, and for those who seek to advance their aims by inducing terror and slaughtering innocents, we say to you now that our spirit is stronger and cannot be broken; you cannot outlast us, and we will defeat you.
For we know that our patchwork heritage is a strength, not a weakness. We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus _ and non-believers. We are shaped by every language and culture, drawn from every end of this Earth; and because we have tasted the bitter swill of civil war and segregation, and emerged from that dark chapter stronger and more united, we cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass; that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve; that as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself; and that America must play its role in ushering in a new era of peace.
To the Muslim world, we seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict, or blame their society's ills on the West _ know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy. To those who cling to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history; but that we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.
To the people of poor nations, we pledge to work alongside you to make your farms flourish and let clean waters flow; to nourish starved bodies and feed hungry minds. And to those nations like ours that enjoy relative plenty, we say we can no longer afford indifference to suffering outside our borders; nor can we consume the world's resources without regard to effect. For the world has changed, and we must change with it.
As we consider the road that unfolds before us, we remember with humble gratitude those brave Americans who, at this very hour, patrol far-off deserts and distant mountains. They have something to tell us today, just as the fallen heroes who lie in Arlington whisper through the ages. We honor them not only because they are guardians of our liberty, but because they embody the spirit of service; a willingness to find meaning in something greater than themselves. And yet, at this moment _ a moment that will define a generation _ it is precisely this spirit that must inhabit us all.
For as much as government can do and must do, it is ultimately the faith and determination of the American people upon which this nation relies. It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break, the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.
Our challenges may be new. The instruments with which we meet them may be new. But those values upon which our success depends _ hard work and honesty, courage and fair play, tolerance and curiosity, loyalty and patriotism _ these things are old. These things are true. They have been the quiet force of progress throughout our history. What is demanded then is a return to these truths. What is required of us now is a new era of responsibility _ a recognition, on the part of every American, that we have duties to ourselves, our nation, and the world, duties that we do not grudgingly accept but rather seize gladly, firm in the knowledge that there is nothing so satisfying to the spirit, so defining of our character, than giving our all to a difficult task.
This is the price and the promise of citizenship.
This is the source of our confidence _ the knowledge that God calls on us to shape an uncertain destiny.
This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed _ why men and women and children of every race and every faith can join in celebration across this magnificent mall, and why a man whose father less than sixty years ago might not have been served at a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath.
So let us mark this day with remembrance, of who we are and how far we have traveled. In the year of America's birth, in the coldest of months, a small band of patriots huddled by dying campfires on the shores of an icy river.
The capital was abandoned. The enemy was advancing. The snow was stained with blood. At a moment when the outcome of our revolution was most in doubt, the father of our nation ordered these words be read to the people : "Let it be told to the future world ... that in the depth of winter, when nothing but hope and virtue could survive...that the city and the country, alarmed at one common danger, came forth to meet (it)." America, in the face of our common dangers, in this winter of our hardship, let us remember these timeless words. With hope and virtue, let us brave once more the icy currents, and endure what storms may come. Let it be said by our children's children that when we were tested we refused to let this journey end, that we did not turn back nor did we falter; and with eyes fixed on the horizon and God's grace upon us, we carried forth that great gift of freedom and delivered it safely to future generations.
Wow. Thank you very much. Hello, Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. Well, I'm thrilled to be back in this state that gave us American independence, you know that. American steel, which we now have coming back, by the way, like never before and generations of American patriots. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. This is an incredible time for our country.
The unemployment rate in Pennsylvania has just reached an all-time historic low. That's a pretty good stat. How do you beat that? Somebody is going to come and run and they're going to say they're going to do good in the history of this country. You just hit an all-time low. That's pretty tough to beat.
We've ended the last administration's eight-year war on Pennsylvania energy, and we're unleashing clean coal and shale, and America is now their No. 1producer of oil and natural gas anywhere in the world. Man, there's a lot of people. I think next time we would just have to get a bigger hanger. That's a big hanger, we're gonna get a bigger hanger. Thank you.
Thank you very much. You know I thought that was the sun in my eyes, It's these stupid lights. These people, I mean what are we -- what are they doing? Is there any way they can turn those lights down, folks? Crazy. You've got a thing called the sun. We like the sun better than the artificial nonsense. Wages are going way up, crime is going way down, and our military is more powerful right now than ever before.
And when we took over two and a half years ago, our military was in big trouble, it was depleted, you know that. It was depleted, the equipment was old, the planes were all -- we have the most beautiful fighter jets in the world being delivered now, every day. Every day. Our spirit is strong, our stride is back and our stand is clear.
We are finally putting, like I said, America first.
Actually, I have wracked my mind and heart for what I ought to say to you today. I have asked myself what I wish I had known at my own graduation, and what important lessons I have learned in the 21 years that have expired between that day and this.
I have come up with two answers. On this wonderful day when we are gathered together to celebrate your academic success, I have decided to talk to you about the benefits of failure. And as you stand on the threshold of what is sometimes called ‘real life’, I want to extol the crucial importance of imagination.
These may seem quixotic or paradoxical choices, but please bear with me.
Looking back at the 21-year-old that I was at graduation, is a slightly uncomfortable experience for the 42-year-old that she has become. Half my lifetime ago, I was striking an uneasy balance between the ambition I had for myself, and what those closest to me expected of me.
I was convinced that the only thing I wanted to do, ever, was to write novels. However, my parents, both of whom came from impoverished backgrounds and neither of whom had been to college, took the view that my overactive imagination was an amusing personal quirk that would never pay a mortgage, or secure a pension. I know that the irony strikes with the force of a cartoon anvil, now.
So they hoped that I would take a vocational degree; I wanted to study English Literature. A compromise was reached that in retrospect satisfied nobody, and I went up to study Modern Languages. Hardly had my parents’ car rounded the corner at the end of the road than I ditched German and scuttled off down the Classics corridor.
I cannot remember telling my parents that I was studying Classics; they might well have found out for the first time on graduation day. Of all the subjects on this planet, I think they would have been hard put to name one less useful than Greek mythology when it came to securing the keys to an executive bathroom.
I would like to make it clear, in parenthesis, that I do not blame my parents for their point of view. There is an expiry date on blaming your parents for steering you in the wrong direction; the moment you are old enough to take the wheel, responsibility lies with you. What is more, I cannot criticise my parents for hoping that I would never experience poverty. They had been poor themselves, and I have since been poor, and I quite agree with them that it is not an ennobling experience. Poverty entails fear, and stress, and sometimes depression; it means a thousand petty humiliations and hardships. Climbing out of poverty by your own efforts, that is indeed something on which to pride yourself, but poverty itself is romanticised only by fools.
What I feared most for myself at your age was not poverty, but failure.
At your age, in spite of a distinct lack of motivation at university, where I had spent far too long in the coffee bar writing stories, and far too little time at lectures, I had a knack for passing examinations, and that, for years, had been the measure of success in my life and that of my peers.
I am not dull enough to suppose that because you are young, gifted and well-educated, you have never known hardship or heartbreak. Talent and intelligence never yet inoculated anyone against the caprice of the Fates, and I do not for a moment suppose that everyone here has enjoyed an existence of unruffled privilege and contentment.
However, the fact that you are graduating from Harvard suggests that you are not very well-acquainted with failure. You might be driven by a fear of failure quite as much as a desire for success. Indeed, your conception of failure might not be too far from the average person’s idea of success, so high have you already flown.
Ultimately, we all have to decide for ourselves what constitutes failure, but the world is quite eager to give you a set of criteria if you let it. So I think it fair to say that by any conventional measure, a mere seven years after my graduation day, I had failed on an epic scale. An exceptionally short-lived marriage had imploded, and I was jobless, a lone parent, and as poor as it is possible to be in modern Britain, without being homeless. The fears that my parents had had for me, and that I had had for myself, had both come to pass, and by every usual standard, I was the biggest failure I knew.
Now, I am not going to stand here and tell you that failure is fun. That period of my life was a dark one, and I had no idea that there was going to be what the press has since represented as a kind of fairy tale resolution. I had no idea then how far the tunnel extended, and for a long time, any light at the end of it was a hope rather than a reality.
Now, while we speak of teachers, we are really coaches. I cannot run a mile, the four minute mile for you. I can comment upon your style. But you know you must do the work. The same way I cannot make you a great scientist. I can criticize style and other things. But I cannot, by mere words make you a great scientist. You just as in running four minute mile, must do the work. Which means you have to take what you hear and read. Think it over carefully, discuss with your friends and see what you can adapt yourself.
There is no one style which is successful. Painters paint many different styles. You have to find a style that fits you. Which means you have to take what fragments you can from other people, use them and adapt them and become yours. You can't copy me directly, you won't get away with it. And I will use the analogy of painting as an example. In painting, once you've learned color mixing and form and sketching, and so on, you study under a master who you temporarily accept as knowing what he's talking about.
Well, there are limits what can be done. You know that you copy the master style, exactly, you will not be a great painter. You know also, that if you paint in the style he did, or she did, it's too late. The future wants a different style. Thus I can tell you about the style I used in the past. But that won't be the style you'll have to have to cope with the future. You must manufacturer the style, which will make you as a significant person in the future. So it's not easy. While I can only talk about past ones and make references to possible future ones. It's a problem you face. What I did would not make me successful if I were starting now. Just as my predecessor got successful on other things that I couldn't do and get successful on.
Now is another practice very difficult for you. When I went to build our laboratories 1946, I looked around since I was already interested what made great scientists. And I looked at what they did. And when I looked at what they did to become famous, it didn't look that difficult. They tend to do the easy problems. Now I found in the course my time there, a couple of holes they left. But fundamentally, they did the easy problems. My generation did somewhat harder ones, and we left to the others the harder still. Every generation has more difficulty, but you stand on our shoulders to some extent yet, the task is harder. Having got man to the moon, the next real good feet in space is gonna be a lot harder. Therefore you have difficulty, it's very definite.
